docs/en/blog.md, before:

---
pageClass: routes
---

# Blog

## archdaily

### Home

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/archdaily" path="/archdaily"/>

## Google Sites

### Articles

<RouteEn author="hoilc" example="/google/sites/outlierseconomics" path="/google/sites/:id" :paramsDesc="['Site ID, can be found in URL']" />

## Hexo Blog

### Blog using Next theme

<RouteEn author="fengkx" path="/hexo/next/:url" example="/hexo/next/diygod.me" :paramsDesc="['the blog URL without the protocol (http:// and https://)']" />

### Blog using Yilia theme

<RouteEn author="aha2mao" path="/hexo/yilia/:url" example="/hexo/yilia/cloudstone.xin" :paramsDesc="['the blog URL without the protocol (http:// and https://)']" />

### Blog using Fluid theme

<RouteEn author="gkkeys" path="/hexo/fluid/:url" example="/hexo/fluid/blog.tonyzhao.xyz" :paramsDesc="['the blog URL without the protocol (http:// and https://)']" />

## Love the Problem

### Ash Maurya's blog

<RouteEn author="james-tindal" example="/ash-maurya" path="/ash-maurya"/>

## Paul Graham

### Essays

<RouteEn author="Maecenas" example="/blogs/paulgraham" path="/blogs/paulgraham"/>

## Phrack Magazine

### Article

<RouteEn author="CitrusIce" example="/phrack" path="/phrack" />

## WordPress

<Route author="Lonor" example="/blogs/wordpress/lawrence.code.blog" path="/blogs/wordpress/:domain/:https?" :paramsDesc="['WordPress blog domain', 'use https by default. options: `http` or `https`']"/>

## yuzu emulator

### Entry

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/yuzu-emu/entry" path="/yuzu-emu/entry" />

Commit message:

feat(route): 增加polkaworld的rsshub规则(v2版本scripts) (#9015)
* feat: 增加polkaworld的rsshub规则

* feat: 增加polkaworld的rsshub规则-切换为v2版本

* feat: 增加polkaworld的rsshub规则(修复路径问题)

* refactor: added limit support & improve date and docs for polkworld

* docs: improve docs desc for polkaworld

* refactor: improve docs & clean date code for polkaworld

* docs: improve docs for polkaworld

* fix: 修复日期解析错误

* fix: fix date error from Vercel's output

* feat: 增加时区操作

* style: remove blank line

* fix: fix timezone error

docs/en/blog.md, after:

---
pageClass: routes
---

# Blog

## archdaily

### Home

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/archdaily" path="/archdaily"/>

## Google Sites

### Articles

<RouteEn author="hoilc" example="/google/sites/outlierseconomics" path="/google/sites/:id" :paramsDesc="['Site ID, can be found in URL']" />

## Hexo Blog

### Blog using Next theme

<RouteEn author="fengkx" path="/hexo/next/:url" example="/hexo/next/diygod.me" :paramsDesc="['the blog URL without the protocol (http:// and https://)']" />

### Blog using Yilia theme

<RouteEn author="aha2mao" path="/hexo/yilia/:url" example="/hexo/yilia/cloudstone.xin" :paramsDesc="['the blog URL without the protocol (http:// and https://)']" />

### Blog using Fluid theme

<RouteEn author="gkkeys" path="/hexo/fluid/:url" example="/hexo/fluid/blog.tonyzhao.xyz" :paramsDesc="['the blog URL without the protocol (http:// and https://)']" />

## Love the Problem

### Ash Maurya's blog

<RouteEn author="james-tindal" example="/ash-maurya" path="/ash-maurya"/>

## Paul Graham

### Essays

<RouteEn author="Maecenas" example="/blogs/paulgraham" path="/blogs/paulgraham"/>

## Phrack Magazine

## PolkaWorld

### Newest Articles
<RouteEn author="iceqing" example="/polkaworld/newest" path="/polkaworld/newest"/>

::: tip 

Limit the number of entries to be retrieved by adding `?limit=x` to the end of the route, default value is `10`.

:::

### Article

<RouteEn author="CitrusIce" example="/phrack" path="/phrack" />

## WordPress

<Route author="Lonor" example="/blogs/wordpress/lawrence.code.blog" path="/blogs/wordpress/:domain/:https?" :paramsDesc="['WordPress blog domain', 'use https by default. options: `http` or `https`']"/>

## yuzu emulator

### Entry

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/yuzu-emu/entry" path="/yuzu-emu/entry" />
