docs/en/new-media.md, before:

---
pageClass: routes
---

# New media

## 9To5

### 9To5 Sub-site

<RouteEn author="HenryQW" example="/9to5/mac/aapl" path="/9to5/:subsite/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Subsite name', 'Tag name inside the url of the tag page']">

Supported sub-sites：
| 9To5Mac | 9To5Google | 9To5Toys |
| ------- | ---------- | -------- |
| Mac     | Google     | Toys     |

</RouteEn>

## AEON

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/aeon/ideas" path="/aeon/:category" :paramsDesc="['Category']">

Subscribe it by channel：
| Ideas | Essays | Videos |
| ----- | ------ | ------ |
| ideas | essays | videos |

Subscribe it by subject or topic ：
| Culture | Philosophy | Psychology | Society | Science |
| ------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------- | ------- |
| culture | philosophy | psychology | society | science |

Compared to the official one, the RSS feed generated by RSSHub not only has more fine-grained options, but eliminates pull quotes which can't be easily distinguished from other paragraphs by any RSS reader but purely disrupts the reading flow. Besides that, this feed also provides users a bio of the author in the end of the article.

</RouteEn>

## American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/aflcio/blog" path="/aflcio/blog"/>

## ASML Holding N.V.

### Press releases & announcements

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/asml/press-releases" path="/asml/press-releases"/>

## Bell Labs

### Event and News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/bell-labs/events-news" path="/bell-labs/events-news/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Press releases by default']">

| Featured events | Latest recognition | Press releases |
| ------- | ---------- | -------- |
| events | industry-recognition | press-releases |

</RouteEn>

## biodiscover.com

### Channel

<Route author="aidistan" example="/biodiscover" path="/biodiscover/:channel?" :paramsDesc="['channel, see below, `home` by default']">

| Home | Research | Industry | Financing | Politics | Celebrity | Company | Product | Activity |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | --------- | -------- | --------- | ------- | ------- | -------- |
| home | research | industry | financing | politics | celebrity | company | product | activity |

</Route>

## BOF

### Home

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/bof/home" path="/bof/home" />

## cfan

### News

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/cfan/news" path="/cfan/news"/>

## CGTN

### Opinions

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/opinions" path="/cgtn/opinions"/>

### Most Read & Most Share

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/most/read/day" path="/cgtn/most/:type?/:time?" :paramsDesc="['Type, `read` as most read, `share` as most share, `read` by default', 'Time range, `all` as all the time, `day` as today, `week` as this week, `month` as this month, `year` as this year, `all` by default']"/>

### Top News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/top" path="/cgtn/top"/>

### Editors' Pick

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/pick" path="/cgtn/pick"/>

## China Labour Bulletin

### Commentary and Analysis

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/clb/commentary" path="/clb/commentary/:lang?" :paramsDesc="['Language, Simplified Chinese by default, or `en` as English']"/>

## China Labour Watch

### Reports

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/chinalaborwatch/reports" path="/chinalaborwatch/reports/:lang?/:industry?" :paramsDesc="['Language, English by default, or `cn` as Simplified Chinese', 'Industry id, see below, all by default']">

| All | Automotive | Cookware | Electronics | Footwear | Furniture | Garment | General | Printing | Retail | Toys |
| - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - |
| | 2 | 6 | 14 | 3 | 4 | 10 | 8 | 1 | 9 | 7 |

</RouteEn>

## Common App

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/commonapp/blog" path="/commonapp/blog"/>

## Day One

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/dayone/blog" path="/dayone/blog"/>

## DeepMind

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/deepmind/blog" path="/deepmind/blog/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below']">

| All | Podcasts | Research | News |
| --- | -------- | -------- | ---- |
|     | Podcasts | Research | News |

</RouteEn>

## Deutsche Welle

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/dw/en" path="/dw/:lang?/:caty?" :paramsDesc="['Language, can be found in the URL of the corresponding language version page, German by default', 'Category, all by default']">

| All  | German Press | Culture | Economy | Science & Nature |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| all  | press    | cul      | eco      | sci      |

</RouteEn>

## Engadget

### Chinese

<RouteEn author="JamesWDGu" example="/engadget-cn" path="/engadget-cn"/>

### Multi-language

<RouteEn author="JamesWDGu KeiLongW" example="/engadget/chinese" path="/engadget/:lang" :paramsDesc="['Language']">

| Traditional Chinese | Simplified Chinese | US  | Japanese |
| ------------------- | ------------------ | --- | -------- |
| chinese             | cn                 | us  | japanese |

</RouteEn>

## Europa Press

### Category

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/europapress" path="/europapress/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Home by default']">

| España   | Internacional | Economía | Deportes |
| -------- | ------------- | -------- | -------- |
| nacional | internacional | economía | deportes |

| Cultura | Sociedad | Ciencia | Salud |
| ------- | -------- | ------- | ----- |
| cultura | sociedad | ciencia | salud |

| Tecnología | Comunicados | Estar donde estés |
| ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| tecnología | comunicados | estar-donde-estes |

| Andalucía | Aragón | Cantabria | Castilla-La Mancha |
| --------- | ------ | --------- | ------------------ |
| andalucia | aragon | cantabria | castilla-lamancha  |

| Castilla y León | Cataluña  | Extremadura | Galicia |
| --------------- | --------- | ----------- | ------- |
| castilla-y-leon | catalunya | extremadura | galicia |

| Islas Canarias | Islas Baleares | Madrid | País Vasco |
| -------------- | -------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| islas-canarias | illes-balears  | madrid | euskadi    |

| La Rioja | C. Valenciana        | Navarra | Asturias |
| -------- | -------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| la-rioja | comunitat-valenciana | navarra | asturias |

| Murcia | Ceuta y Melilla |
| ------ | --------------- |
| murcia | ceuta-y-melilla |

</RouteEn>

## ezone.hk

### Category

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/ezone" path="/ezone/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category,see below, latest news by default']">

| 科技焦點 | 網絡生活 | 教學評測 | IT Times |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| srae001  | srae008  | srae017  | srae021  |

</RouteEn>

## Fermilab

### News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/fnal/news" path="/fnal/news/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, All News by default']">

| All News | Fermilab features | Press releases | Symmetry features |
| -------- | ----------------- | -------------- | ----------------- |
| allnews  | 269               | 55             | 12580             |

</RouteEn>

## Google News

### News

<RouteEn author="zoenglinghou" example="/google/news/Headlines/hl=en-US&gl=US&ceid=US:en" path="/google/news/:category/:locale" :paramsDesc="['Category Title', 'locales, could be found behind `?`, including `hl`, `gl`, and `ceid` as parameters']"/>

## Grub Street

### Posts

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/grubstreet" path="/grubstreet" />

## Harvard Health Publishing

### Harvard Health Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/harvard/health/blog" path="/harvard/health/blog" />

## iDownloadBlog

### iDownloadBlog

<RouteEn author="HenryQW" example="/iDownloadBlog" path="/iDownloadBlog/index">

Provides a better reading experience (full text articles) over the official one.

</RouteEn>

## Institute of International Education

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/iie/blog" path="/iie/blog" />

## International Energy Agency

### News and events

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/iea/news-and-events" path="/iea/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Featured by default']">

| Featured        | News | Calendar | Past events |
| --------------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| news-and-events | news | calendar | past-events |

</RouteEn>

## International Mathematical Union

### Fields Medal

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/mathunion/fields-medal" path="/mathunion/fields-medal"/>

## Letterboxd

### User diary

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/letterboxd/user/diary/demiadejuyigbe" path="/letterboxd/user/diary/:username" :paramsDesc="['username']" />

### Following diary

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/letterboxd/user/followingdiary/demiadejuyigbe" path="/letterboxd/user/followingdiary/:username" :paramsDesc="['username']" />

## MakeUseOf

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/makeuseof" path="/makeuseof/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, Trending by default']"/>

## Matters

### Latest

<RouteEn author="xyqfer Cerebrater xosdy" example="/matters/latest" path="/matters/latest" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

### Tags

<RouteEn author="Cerebrater" example="/matters/tags/VGFnOjk3Mg" path="/matters/tags/:tid" :paramsDesc="['Tag id, can be found in the url of the tag page']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

### Author

<RouteEn author="Cerebrater xosdy" example="/matters/author/az" path="/matters/author/:uid" :paramsDesc="['Author id, can be found at author\'s homepage url']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

## National Association of Colleges and Employers

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/nace/blog" path="/nace/blog/:sort?" :paramsDesc="['Sort, see below, Most Recent by default']">

| Most Recent | Top Rated | Most Read |
| - | - | - |
| | top-blogs | mostreadblogs |

</RouteEn>

## Nautilus

### Topics

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/nautilus/topic/Art" path="/nautilus/topic/:tid" :paramsDesc="['topic']">

This route provides a flexible plan with full text content to subscribe specific topic(s) on the Nautilus. Please visit [nautil.us](http://nautil.us) and click `Topics` to acquire whole topic list.

</RouteEn>

## Oak Ridge National Laboratory

### News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/ornl/news" path="/ornl/news"/>

## OpenAI

### Blog

<RouteEn author="ncziztk" example="/openai/blog" path="/openai/blog/:tag" :paramsDesc="['Tag, see below, All by default']">

| All | Research | Announcements | Events | Milestones |
| --- | -------- | ------------- | ------ | ---------- |
|     | research | announcements | events | milestones |

</RouteEn>

## Polar

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/polar/blog" path="/polar/blog"/>

## Quanta Magazine

### Archive

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/quantamagazine/archive" path="/quantamagazine/archive">

Compared to the official one, this feed:

1. supports LaTeX formulas, and
2. displays all pictures in the article (except those print-hidden multimedia materials).

</RouteEn>

## Semiconductor Industry Association

### Latest News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/semiconductors/latest-news" path="/semiconductors/latest-news"/>

## Simons Foundation

### Articles

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/simonsfoundation/articles" path="/simonsfoundation/articles"/>

### What We’re Reading

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/simonsfoundation/recommend" path="/simonsfoundation/recommend"/>

## Sixth Tone

### News

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/sixthtone/news" path="/sixthtone/news"/>

## Sky Sports

### News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/skysports/news/ac-milan" path="/skysports/news/:team" :paramsDesc="['Team id, can be found in URL to the team page']" />\

## Soomal

### 话题

<RouteEn author="zoenglinghou" example="/soomal/topics/Phone/en" path="/soomal/topics/:category/:language?" :paramsDesc="['Topic, found on the top menu bar', 'locale, default to simplified Chinese']">

- Available languages：

| Simplified Chinese | Traditional Chinese | English |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------- |
| zh                 | zh_tw               | en      |

- Available topics by locale：

| Languages           |          |       |          |          |          |
| ------------------- | -------- | ----- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Simplified Chinese  | 最新文章 | 科普  | 测评报告 | 发烧入门 | 摄影入门 | 古典音乐入门 |
| Traditional Chinese | 最新文章 | 科普  | 測評報告 | 發燒入門 | 攝影入門 | 古典音樂入門 |
| English             | Phone    | Audio | Album    | Review   |

- Soomal offers official RSS subscriptions
  - Soomal website：[http://www.soomal.com/doc/101.rss.xml](http://www.soomal.com/doc/101.rss.xml)
  - Soomal forum and comments：[http://www.soomal.com/bbs/101.rss.xml](http://www.soomal.com/bbs/101.rss.xml)

</RouteEn>

## The Brain

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/thebrain/blog" path="/thebrain/blog/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Blog by default']">

| Blog | Recorded Events | Big Thinkers |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| blog | recorded-events | big-thinkers |

</RouteEn>

## The Partnership on AI

### Resources

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/partnershiponai/resources" path="/partnershiponai/resources"/>

## The Verge

<RouteEn author="HenryQW" example="/verge" path="/verge">

Provides a better reading experience (full text articles) over the official one.

</RouteEn>

## Thrillist

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/thrillist/food-and-drink" path="/vulture/:tag" :paramsDesc="['Tag']">

Provides all of the Thrillist articles with the specified tag.

</RouteEn>

## VOA News

### Day in Photos

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/voa/day-photos" path="/voa/day-photos"/>

## Vulture

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/vulture/movies" path="/vulture/:tag/:excludetags?" :paramsDesc="['Tag', 'Comma-delimited list of tags. If an article includes one of these tags, it will be excluded from the RSS feed.']" />

## World Happiness

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/worldhappiness/blog" path="/worldhappiness/blog"/>

### Archive

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/worldhappiness/archive" path="/worldhappiness/archive"/>

## World Health Organization | WHO

### Newsroom

<RouteEn author="LogicJake" example="/who/news-room/feature-stories" path="/who/news-room/:type" :paramsDesc="['类别，可在 URL 中找到']"/>

Commit message:

feat(route): add Harvard Business Review Topic

docs/en/new-media.md, after:

---
pageClass: routes
---

# New media

## 9To5

### 9To5 Sub-site

<RouteEn author="HenryQW" example="/9to5/mac/aapl" path="/9to5/:subsite/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Subsite name', 'Tag name inside the url of the tag page']">

Supported sub-sites：
| 9To5Mac | 9To5Google | 9To5Toys |
| ------- | ---------- | -------- |
| Mac     | Google     | Toys     |

</RouteEn>

## AEON

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/aeon/ideas" path="/aeon/:category" :paramsDesc="['Category']">

Subscribe it by channel：
| Ideas | Essays | Videos |
| ----- | ------ | ------ |
| ideas | essays | videos |

Subscribe it by subject or topic ：
| Culture | Philosophy | Psychology | Society | Science |
| ------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------- | ------- |
| culture | philosophy | psychology | society | science |

Compared to the official one, the RSS feed generated by RSSHub not only has more fine-grained options, but eliminates pull quotes which can't be easily distinguished from other paragraphs by any RSS reader but purely disrupts the reading flow. Besides that, this feed also provides users a bio of the author in the end of the article.

</RouteEn>

## American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/aflcio/blog" path="/aflcio/blog"/>

## ASML Holding N.V.

### Press releases & announcements

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/asml/press-releases" path="/asml/press-releases"/>

## Bell Labs

### Event and News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/bell-labs/events-news" path="/bell-labs/events-news/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Press releases by default']">

| Featured events | Latest recognition | Press releases |
| ------- | ---------- | -------- |
| events | industry-recognition | press-releases |

</RouteEn>

## biodiscover.com

### Channel

<Route author="aidistan" example="/biodiscover" path="/biodiscover/:channel?" :paramsDesc="['channel, see below, `home` by default']">

| Home | Research | Industry | Financing | Politics | Celebrity | Company | Product | Activity |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | --------- | -------- | --------- | ------- | ------- | -------- |
| home | research | industry | financing | politics | celebrity | company | product | activity |

</Route>

## BOF

### Home

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/bof/home" path="/bof/home" />

## cfan

### News

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/cfan/news" path="/cfan/news"/>

## CGTN

### Opinions

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/opinions" path="/cgtn/opinions"/>

### Most Read & Most Share

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/most/read/day" path="/cgtn/most/:type?/:time?" :paramsDesc="['Type, `read` as most read, `share` as most share, `read` by default', 'Time range, `all` as all the time, `day` as today, `week` as this week, `month` as this month, `year` as this year, `all` by default']"/>

### Top News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/top" path="/cgtn/top"/>

### Editors' Pick

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/cgtn/pick" path="/cgtn/pick"/>

## China Labour Bulletin

### Commentary and Analysis

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/clb/commentary" path="/clb/commentary/:lang?" :paramsDesc="['Language, Simplified Chinese by default, or `en` as English']"/>

## China Labour Watch

### Reports

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/chinalaborwatch/reports" path="/chinalaborwatch/reports/:lang?/:industry?" :paramsDesc="['Language, English by default, or `cn` as Simplified Chinese', 'Industry id, see below, all by default']">

| All | Automotive | Cookware | Electronics | Footwear | Furniture | Garment | General | Printing | Retail | Toys |
| - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - |
| | 2 | 6 | 14 | 3 | 4 | 10 | 8 | 1 | 9 | 7 |

</RouteEn>

## Common App

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/commonapp/blog" path="/commonapp/blog"/>

## Day One

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/dayone/blog" path="/dayone/blog"/>

## DeepMind

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/deepmind/blog" path="/deepmind/blog/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below']">

| All | Podcasts | Research | News |
| --- | -------- | -------- | ---- |
|     | Podcasts | Research | News |

</RouteEn>

## Deutsche Welle

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/dw/en" path="/dw/:lang?/:caty?" :paramsDesc="['Language, can be found in the URL of the corresponding language version page, German by default', 'Category, all by default']">

| All  | German Press | Culture | Economy | Science & Nature |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| all  | press    | cul      | eco      | sci      |

</RouteEn>

## Engadget

### Chinese

<RouteEn author="JamesWDGu" example="/engadget-cn" path="/engadget-cn"/>

### Multi-language

<RouteEn author="JamesWDGu KeiLongW" example="/engadget/chinese" path="/engadget/:lang" :paramsDesc="['Language']">

| Traditional Chinese | Simplified Chinese | US  | Japanese |
| ------------------- | ------------------ | --- | -------- |
| chinese             | cn                 | us  | japanese |

</RouteEn>

## Europa Press

### Category

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/europapress" path="/europapress/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Home by default']">

| España   | Internacional | Economía | Deportes |
| -------- | ------------- | -------- | -------- |
| nacional | internacional | economía | deportes |

| Cultura | Sociedad | Ciencia | Salud |
| ------- | -------- | ------- | ----- |
| cultura | sociedad | ciencia | salud |

| Tecnología | Comunicados | Estar donde estés |
| ---------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| tecnología | comunicados | estar-donde-estes |

| Andalucía | Aragón | Cantabria | Castilla-La Mancha |
| --------- | ------ | --------- | ------------------ |
| andalucia | aragon | cantabria | castilla-lamancha  |

| Castilla y León | Cataluña  | Extremadura | Galicia |
| --------------- | --------- | ----------- | ------- |
| castilla-y-leon | catalunya | extremadura | galicia |

| Islas Canarias | Islas Baleares | Madrid | País Vasco |
| -------------- | -------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| islas-canarias | illes-balears  | madrid | euskadi    |

| La Rioja | C. Valenciana        | Navarra | Asturias |
| -------- | -------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| la-rioja | comunitat-valenciana | navarra | asturias |

| Murcia | Ceuta y Melilla |
| ------ | --------------- |
| murcia | ceuta-y-melilla |

</RouteEn>

## ezone.hk

### Category

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/ezone" path="/ezone/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category,see below, latest news by default']">

| 科技焦點 | 網絡生活 | 教學評測 | IT Times |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| srae001  | srae008  | srae017  | srae021  |

</RouteEn>

## Fermilab

### News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/fnal/news" path="/fnal/news/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, All News by default']">

| All News | Fermilab features | Press releases | Symmetry features |
| -------- | ----------------- | -------------- | ----------------- |
| allnews  | 269               | 55             | 12580             |

</RouteEn>

## Google News

### News

<RouteEn author="zoenglinghou" example="/google/news/Headlines/hl=en-US&gl=US&ceid=US:en" path="/google/news/:category/:locale" :paramsDesc="['Category Title', 'locales, could be found behind `?`, including `hl`, `gl`, and `ceid` as parameters']"/>

## Grub Street

### Posts

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/grubstreet" path="/grubstreet" />

## Harvard Business Review

### Topic

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/hbr/topic/leadership" path="/hbr/topic/:topic?" :paramsDesc="['Topic, can be found in URL, Leadership by default', 'Type, see below, Latest by default']">

| LATEST | POPULAR | FROM THE STORE | FOR YOU |
| ------ | ------- | -------------- | ------- |
| Latest | Popular | From the Store | For You |

::: tip Tip

Click here to view [All Topics](https://hbr.org/topics)

:::

</RouteEn>

## Harvard Health Publishing

### Harvard Health Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/harvard/health/blog" path="/harvard/health/blog" />

## iDownloadBlog

### iDownloadBlog

<RouteEn author="HenryQW" example="/iDownloadBlog" path="/iDownloadBlog/index">

Provides a better reading experience (full text articles) over the official one.

</RouteEn>

## Institute of International Education

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/iie/blog" path="/iie/blog" />

## International Energy Agency

### News and events

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/iea/news-and-events" path="/iea/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Featured by default']">

| Featured        | News | Calendar | Past events |
| --------------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| news-and-events | news | calendar | past-events |

</RouteEn>

## International Mathematical Union

### Fields Medal

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/mathunion/fields-medal" path="/mathunion/fields-medal"/>

## Letterboxd

### User diary

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/letterboxd/user/diary/demiadejuyigbe" path="/letterboxd/user/diary/:username" :paramsDesc="['username']" />

### Following diary

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/letterboxd/user/followingdiary/demiadejuyigbe" path="/letterboxd/user/followingdiary/:username" :paramsDesc="['username']" />

## MakeUseOf

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/makeuseof" path="/makeuseof/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, Trending by default']"/>

## Matters

### Latest

<RouteEn author="xyqfer Cerebrater xosdy" example="/matters/latest" path="/matters/latest" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

### Tags

<RouteEn author="Cerebrater" example="/matters/tags/VGFnOjk3Mg" path="/matters/tags/:tid" :paramsDesc="['Tag id, can be found in the url of the tag page']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

### Author

<RouteEn author="Cerebrater xosdy" example="/matters/author/az" path="/matters/author/:uid" :paramsDesc="['Author id, can be found at author\'s homepage url']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

## National Association of Colleges and Employers

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/nace/blog" path="/nace/blog/:sort?" :paramsDesc="['Sort, see below, Most Recent by default']">

| Most Recent | Top Rated | Most Read |
| - | - | - |
| | top-blogs | mostreadblogs |

</RouteEn>

## Nautilus

### Topics

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/nautilus/topic/Art" path="/nautilus/topic/:tid" :paramsDesc="['topic']">

This route provides a flexible plan with full text content to subscribe specific topic(s) on the Nautilus. Please visit [nautil.us](http://nautil.us) and click `Topics` to acquire whole topic list.

</RouteEn>

## Oak Ridge National Laboratory

### News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/ornl/news" path="/ornl/news"/>

## OpenAI

### Blog

<RouteEn author="ncziztk" example="/openai/blog" path="/openai/blog/:tag" :paramsDesc="['Tag, see below, All by default']">

| All | Research | Announcements | Events | Milestones |
| --- | -------- | ------------- | ------ | ---------- |
|     | research | announcements | events | milestones |

</RouteEn>

## Polar

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/polar/blog" path="/polar/blog"/>

## Quanta Magazine

### Archive

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/quantamagazine/archive" path="/quantamagazine/archive">

Compared to the official one, this feed:

1. supports LaTeX formulas, and
2. displays all pictures in the article (except those print-hidden multimedia materials).

</RouteEn>

## Semiconductor Industry Association

### Latest News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/semiconductors/latest-news" path="/semiconductors/latest-news"/>

## Simons Foundation

### Articles

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/simonsfoundation/articles" path="/simonsfoundation/articles"/>

### What We’re Reading

<RouteEn author="emdoe" example="/simonsfoundation/recommend" path="/simonsfoundation/recommend"/>

## Sixth Tone

### News

<RouteEn author="kt286" example="/sixthtone/news" path="/sixthtone/news"/>

## Sky Sports

### News

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/skysports/news/ac-milan" path="/skysports/news/:team" :paramsDesc="['Team id, can be found in URL to the team page']" />\

## Soomal

### 话题

<RouteEn author="zoenglinghou" example="/soomal/topics/Phone/en" path="/soomal/topics/:category/:language?" :paramsDesc="['Topic, found on the top menu bar', 'locale, default to simplified Chinese']">

- Available languages：

| Simplified Chinese | Traditional Chinese | English |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------- |
| zh                 | zh_tw               | en      |

- Available topics by locale：

| Languages           |          |       |          |          |          |
| ------------------- | -------- | ----- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Simplified Chinese  | 最新文章 | 科普  | 测评报告 | 发烧入门 | 摄影入门 | 古典音乐入门 |
| Traditional Chinese | 最新文章 | 科普  | 測評報告 | 發燒入門 | 攝影入門 | 古典音樂入門 |
| English             | Phone    | Audio | Album    | Review   |

- Soomal offers official RSS subscriptions
  - Soomal website：[http://www.soomal.com/doc/101.rss.xml](http://www.soomal.com/doc/101.rss.xml)
  - Soomal forum and comments：[http://www.soomal.com/bbs/101.rss.xml](http://www.soomal.com/bbs/101.rss.xml)

</RouteEn>

## The Brain

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/thebrain/blog" path="/thebrain/blog/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, see below, Blog by default']">

| Blog | Recorded Events | Big Thinkers |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| blog | recorded-events | big-thinkers |

</RouteEn>

## The Partnership on AI

### Resources

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/partnershiponai/resources" path="/partnershiponai/resources"/>

## The Verge

<RouteEn author="HenryQW" example="/verge" path="/verge">

Provides a better reading experience (full text articles) over the official one.

</RouteEn>

## Thrillist

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/thrillist/food-and-drink" path="/vulture/:tag" :paramsDesc="['Tag']">

Provides all of the Thrillist articles with the specified tag.

</RouteEn>

## VOA News

### Day in Photos

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/voa/day-photos" path="/voa/day-photos"/>

## Vulture

<RouteEn author="loganrockmore" example="/vulture/movies" path="/vulture/:tag/:excludetags?" :paramsDesc="['Tag', 'Comma-delimited list of tags. If an article includes one of these tags, it will be excluded from the RSS feed.']" />

## World Happiness

### Blog

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/worldhappiness/blog" path="/worldhappiness/blog"/>

### Archive

<RouteEn author="nczitzk" example="/worldhappiness/archive" path="/worldhappiness/archive"/>

## World Health Organization | WHO

### Newsroom

<RouteEn author="LogicJake" example="/who/news-room/feature-stories" path="/who/news-room/:type" :paramsDesc="['类别，可在 URL 中找到']"/>
